Meetings (#17)
katcipis/sophia: notes/meetings.md

try to explain some other not as stressful inefficiencies
of meetings and also why it is so easy for management to
oversee these issues and also why developers sometimes "ask"
for meetings.

# Schedule Control and Interruptions

This one is a more subtle source of stress, which is the
lack of control of your own schedule. This is specially
true for me because I have very little control over when
I feel energetic and inspired to tackle hard problems, if
this moment coincides with meetings this causes a great
deal of loss of productivity and stress/anxiety. It can be even
worse then a lack of productivity, because the ideas you would
have in this time of bliss may not be achieved in a different
time and you will end up with a suboptimal solution (specially
if you need to deliver something soon, you can't wait for another
inspired moment).

The only way to avoid this is to have an average performance
all the time, like a robot. Since humans are not robots I don't
think anyone is capable of this regarding creative work. If your
work is repetitive and does not require imagination/creative effort,
then having control over your schedule to capture inspiration

> is less important, it is more easy to be interrupted and then

Reviewer: *easier

Author: ```suggestion
is less important, it is easier to be interrupted and then
```

go back to work.

> In the end "creative work" ends up being tasks

Reviewer: Just a suggestion, rephrase it as 'So "creative work" ends up being tasks...'

Author: ```suggestion
So "creative work" ends up being tasks
```
